           Testing protocol for certifying the Media Server
                 to perform at a certain load level.

The test suite contains two test scripts.  One (currently,
"leave-message-r") deposits short voicemails.  The other (currently,
"retrieve") retrieves the first voicemail from the mailbox.
CallScriptDriver is run with a one-to-one mix of these scripts.  Since
retrieving takes longer, the mailbox never goes empty.  The test
scripts should not contain pauses that do not wait for prompts from
the Media Server, other than an initial 'pause random' to prevent
synchronization of the scripts.

Both scripts start with "pause random 30000" (wait a random time up to
30 seconds) to ensure that interaction with the media server does not
cause the script executions to become synchronized.

Running log-analyze on the output of CallScriptDriver verifies the
average number of ports used.  Currently, the number of jobs run by
CallScriptDriver needs to be 30% to 50% higher than the desired number
of ports.

Configure and run sipX or SIPxchange on a suitable computer for the
number of ports.

The tests are divided into two categories.  The first category
verifies that the audio quality is at MOS 4.0 under the rated load.
The second category verifies that the PBX has 99.99% availability.

Ideally, the audio tests should use a soft-phone configured without
GIPS or other sophisticated audio processing, on a lightly-loaded
network.

Test 1:

While the test script driver is running:  Call an extension on the PBX
(not one being used by the test scripts).  Leave a message of at least
15 seconds.  During the entire transaction, monitor the audio quality.
There should be no audible artifacts, including breaks, pauses, or
distortion in the audio, or noticeably long pauses at the beginning of
prompts.

Test 2:

Play the WAV file stored by the system on a lightly loaded computer to
verify its audio quality as in Test 1.

Test 3:

While the test script driver is running:  Call 101 on the PBX, and
retrieve the voicemail left in Test 1.  Allow the entire prompt after
listening to the message to paly.  Monitor the audio quality of the
prompts as in Test 1.  Also monitor the replayed message for audio
quality.

Test 4:

The reliability tests are configured based on the equivalence that "4
nines" (99.99%) reliability is equivalent to one second of downtime
for every 2.8 hours of operation.  First, for each component,
determine how long it takes the watchdog to discover that a component
is down and to restart it.  These times will be on the order of 30
seconds.  From that, calculate the required run times, which will be
on the order of 90 hours, or 3.5 days.

The test consists of running the system under load for the full run
time, and then verifying that it responds to calls correctly and
promptly (via running Tests 1 and 3).
